Developer Guide
===============

This guide will get you set up developing Villo applications using VilloJS.

Registering as a Developer
--------------------------

To get started developing Villo applications, you must first create a Villo developer account. You can do so by vising <a href="http://dev.villo.me" target="_blank">dev.villo.me</a>, and clicking register.

If you already have an existing Villo account, you can just login to the Villo <a href="http://dev.villo.me" target="_blank">developer website</a>, and it will convert your existing account into a developer account.

Downloading Villo
-----------------

You can download the latest version of Villo from the Villo developer website. Once you've downloaded the villo.js file, you should include it in your application.

Direct download: <a href="http://dev.villo.me/files/download/villo/0.9.7/villo.js" target="_blank">click here</a>

Registering your Application
----------------------------

Once you have downloaded Villo, you need to register your application to use our APIs. You can do this from <a href="http://dev.villo.me/user/apps.php" target="_blank">Tools page</a> on the developer website. Simply click "New App".

When you are registering your application, select "HP WebOS (Enyo)" as your platform.

Initializing Villo
------------------

Now that you've included VilloJS in your application and registered your application with Villo's API, you can start using all of Villo's APIs!

We recommend that you take a look at the following APIs to get started!

 - villo.user.login
 - villo.user.register

That's It!
----------

You're now off and running using Villo! Check out the documentation for all of our APIs.
